Emma's team is already ecstatic with the progress she's made,
but they're worried about their low unit test code coverage.
They're moving fast and would like to add in a manual step
to make sure that they don't inadvertently break everything
and deploy it to production.
With CodePipeline, a manual approval step is perfect for this kind of use case,
and in this video we're going to set that up.
To configure a manual approval action,
we will need to have an existing SNS topic and subscription.
I've created a CloudFormation template that will set that up for us quickly.
It will use SMS to notify us that an approval is needed.
You just need to add your phone number.
Open your command line and navigate to the demo project root.
Run this command, adding your own phone number to the end,
including the country code.
It's a pretty long command, so I'm not going to read it out.
Once the command is run,
it should only take a minute or so for the
CloudFormation stack to finish building.
Now go to the AWS console and your hbfl pipeline.
Let's add a manual approval step right before we deploy in the deploy stage.
Click the Edit button.
Now scroll to the deploy stage and click the Edit stage button.
We'll add the manual approval action before the deploy action,
so click the Add action group above the deploy action.
Now name the action Approval.
In the action provider drop‑down select Manual approval.
In the SNS topic ARN input, select the ARN ending in hbfl‑codepipeline.
You can see there are some other fields you can add,
like a URL to send reviewers to if your app had a testing environment
set up, and some comments. We're done with this for now so click the
Done button and then Done on the stage.
Now we need to save our changes, so click the Save button and then Save. Now to
see our manual approval in action, let's kick off the pipeline again by
clicking Release change and then Release. As the pipeline runs, it will
eventually hit the manual approval action and then pause. At around the same
moment, you should get a notification SMS to your phone indicating the approval
is waiting for you. Now in the pipeline, you'll see a Review button has
appeared in the approval step.
Click that Review button.
Here's where you can approve or reject the action,
adding a comment if you want. You can also see where the
action comments and URL to review would go.
I'm going to click Approve so the pipeline can continue.
And now that it's approved, the deploy action will run.
Now let's look at a rejection.
I've teleported my pipeline back to the review process,
and now I'm going to hit Reject.
You can see the action shows as rejected, and the deploy stage shows as failed.
If you open up the details of the approval action,
you can see that it shows which user rejected the
action and any comments that were left,
which can be useful for bookkeeping or research purposes.
All of this action result information will also be there for approvals.
You can try the approval again by clicking this retry button.
This won't pull new code from CodeCommit,
but will use the pre existing artifacts and just retry the rejected approval action.